updated screenshots and description to include the new machines (#32)
tigergraph/gui-docs: modules/admin-portal/pages/dashboard.adoc

image::query_performance_charts (1).png[]

The Machine Monitoring Panel includes four charts.
The first three charts break down the information among five processing-focused components (GSE, GPE, RESTPP, GSQL, GUI).
The last chart breaks down information among three components which may have large storage needs (GStore, Log files, and Apache Kafka).

> * Service status: ON or OFF status for the given component

Reviewer: We now support one more status: Warm up. Can you clarify with Wenqi in the Infra team its meaning?
```suggestion
* Service status: ON, Warm Up, OFF status for the given component
```
